Figures to make, all using the same style, which explain stuff about the dyn

1.0.0 Interest builder: The three motor proteins (maybe doing their walks). Purpose: to show that dynein has a weird separation between its motor and foot domains. Show where energy is used in each motor.

1.2.6 Why is dynein special and interesting?: Figure comparing the crystal structures of kinesin and dynein together. This figure can hilight the ATP hydrolysis, linker and MTBD amino acids.

2.1.1 A crystal structure of dynein along with our model, showing exactly how the domains match up with the balls/sticks

2.1.3/4 A crystal structure of dynein along with the angular springs model, showing the elastic regions in dynein (when making this, pay attention to the
tail region to see how much our approximation makes sense)

Dr. Tate notes:
It's alright to not have quality histograms; present the best histogram you can currently find. You can include all the data you would for a normal histogram, your results just won't be as significant as they could be.

Notes for Tate conversation:

-Progress on results: Working on it. Running simulations until a good set of parameters is found, at which point the contour will be presented, along with the time/length stepping histogram for the optimal parameter set. How long will this take? Indeterminate. It will always be a possibility to present work as it is.

-Discussion is contingent on results - what should I do? Proposal:

If the model works: discuss (meaning of physical parameters, or rather lack of meaning - does a kb=1e10 mean anything?), (implications of dynein being successfully reduced to a springy hinge system), (implications dynein not needing "bowling rails" to navigate to the next 8nm binding site), (how further questions about dynein could be answered)

If a good parameter set cannot be found: (further work to be done finding the right parameters for the current model), (how far we got, and how much work would be needed to make the model work), (how parts of the model not working can give us information about dynein function, eg mt "bowling rails"), ()

-What are the most important features of a good thesis that students miss? I can spend my time doing lots of things, but I'd like to know where time is best spent

Other random questions:
-Equipartition tests generate a figure...should this be put in the results section?
-Is weird formatting acceptable? eg having a list of bullets with explanations? This isn't seen in papers ever
